hello used to you, today I want
show a product that I use for the
paint still organized aluminum
tin chrome so we vote go
tell you about this product
it's good sometimes we have some it's
some pieces like this in the organized
I'm going to start preparing now for
paint and organized it does not stick much
well when you apply a direct paint
over
she creates a paint film can
stay, I'll show you to you here
O
this one was in an accident at the time of
mount but the ink looks may
The more the paint she releases any
blow that does not stay locally
You can pull the paint, she'll let go.
is aluminum is worse yet
the chrome is neither spoken nor a piece
chrome I had a chair I'll show
To you, she and the chair are
showing up for you there she is
chrome outlet too bad and I ended up
opting to paint on the back yard of
black and for that I used black matte
niro this product that gives comics salt
shop at the right time really a
black ink only won in black ink
It was common ground that it is actually a
monster beach, but she comes before
when you are going to use the beach or
before the ink when you do not look okay
in the case is analyzed as this is another
product that would be is not in here
moment the fund would be baptized before
which only changes the color plus the function
exactly the same as a catalyst
including blue to matte black
delirium
I paid from 5 real needs to the
comics, I'll prepare here and go
start working
I'll apply for you will stay.
the piece here later I'll show you
how do I stay but the very simple application
I even used that video of
bike, I'll leave the link to whoever
want to see the application of the price
when I talked about him in the
Bike good and let's work here
So I 'm going back, I 'm just going to prepare the
my black matte
to prepare 40 ml there for the catalyst
for 2008 the proportion is 40 ml of
iml very dull catalyst
focused on being used
I just visited my house.
earth and finished shortly after
clean the school that is a recommendation
mainly with matte black has just
paint clean soon after pistol
because certain very fast when you
uses a pistol with an aluminum cup
like my when the nylon canopy and still
is less a problem than even the ideal but
in case they are not from the same corn
so here's how I would apply
now another ink
I'm going to apply a cheetah actually
was forced to paint or is it a privilege
come with it up to four hours
is the good application of matte black to
be able to have a better grip in the case
did a test that at least I just
quote the piece is still high but as
You can see, you already have one.
Opel adhesion did not take
I just painted it just has a certain
with the key and the ink will not
will be leaving then it is in the case taken
It's legal a garbage heap a320 before
or 400 before painting in the case of
aluminum dodô globalizado does not need
because he only had this tip that I had to
You today I hope you have
liked and good paintings with you until
next video left with my
a piece embrace all